Clint Eastwood white hunter black heart
don't care of this picture shot in black
and white or sepia tone or we have to
make the whole damn thing in animation
Pete in the higher going to Africa there
are times in this life when you can't
wonder whether it's the right or the
wrong thing to do not for guys like you
and me kid
you just got to pack up and go John
Wilson a brilliant don't give a damn
tight filmmaker who continually violated
all the unwritten laws of the motion
picture business get had the magic
almost divine ability to always land on
his feet all I hope I don't have to kill
you before this pictures finished he's
always been like that no he's worse than
that he's insane in a well-ordered
society being a straitjacket right now
if there's half as much love in this ol
gal as there is talk I'm if he did in
the movie
give it up something terrible is wrong
the man has the fever just like any
passion it's you're responsible and its
destructive this is simply paralyzed
here in fact I'm seriously thinking of
staying here forever Clint Eastwood
white hunter black heart